<---- Header ---->
Gabbai is an online system that allows a synagogue and its members to coordinate Shabbat and 
Yontif Torah readings in advance.

<---- Body Content ---->
Gabbai keeps the Torah service moving — Gabbai builds a reading schedule unique to your congregation's
traditions. A simple dashboard organizes who's reading what, opening registration to your members while
retaining control and oversight for your shul.

<---- "Intuitive Reading Schedule" ---->
Gabbai organizes a reading schedule for your synagogue. Members can register themself for any available 
reading. It's easy to find the reading one's looking for with a user-friendly search feature. With a glance,
members see which aliyah they've agreed to read and its corresponding chapter and verses.

<---- "Your Traditions" ---->
Gabbai is developped for every synagogue. Congregations can take actions like subscribing to varying triennial 
and maftir reading schedule, choose how many aliyot for different types of reading occassions — like Shabbat, 
Yontifs, and the High Holidays — and select which Yontifs to include on their reading schedule. 

<---- "Administrative Control" ---->
Gabbai allows your synagogue's designated administrators to have the final say when arranging your Torah service.
Administrators can register members for readings on their behalf and remove readers from a reading. Administrators
can also lock readings for special occassions, like B'nei Mitvot or carefully-orchestrated High Holiday services.

<---- "Elevate Engagement" ---->
Gabbai ties your community together within and beyond the Torah serivce. Members can provide dates of personal
and family simchas, like the anniversary of their B'nei Mitzvah, to encourage them to again be honored with a
Torah or Haftarah reading. Upon registering, members can bee respectfully asked to make a voluntary contribution 
to their synagogue, and the your shul can tastefully promote upcoming events and announcements.

<---- "Clear Communication" ---->
Gabbai keeps everyone in the know. When members register for a reading, they'll receive a confirmation email and 
your shul's administrators and service leaders will be notified of the reservation. This information is also
accessible with a straight-forward calendar.

<---- "No Hassle Upkeep ---->
Gabbai makes maintaining your schedule painless. An easy to use administrator's control panel gives your shul the 
control it needs while ensuring the process stays simple. Each year, readings and verses update automatically 
according to your congregation's set traditions, no handiwork needed.